okay those guys went the place on fire
with respect to Kevin Owens here's a guy
a little bit of a drum on him but look
at it look at that kid when you put a
microphone look at that when it did the
contract signing down in TNA him and
Sami Zayn I mean this kid just reeks of
attitude and bad intentions and I love
that about it you just don't know what
he's gonna do next he is a he's a damn
good promo right now he has a presence I
love the fact I love his force Calvin
and so yeah he's not a bodybuilder but
that's what makes him unique and like
you said you're brainwashed and some of
the other guys in there but Kevin Owens
I think the kid has money written on him
and get him in a great program let him
get over but that thing like you said on
Monday Night Raw which I haven't seen
and he cuts it off says the kid I've
been wrestling longer than you have so
he's very good at being disrespectful
and I think he's gonna strike a tone I
think he's gonna strike a nerve with a
Debbie Debbie audience oh yeah I do too
I do too
he's he's one of those guys that you
know WWE seems to be catering more
they're giving in to the idea that a
good way for a wrestler to get over with
their massive audience is to give the
the bellwether fans what they wanted by
bellwether I mean the most vocal fans
who have already decided if somebody has
that it factor because they've seen
their work before they got to WWE and
they're in those buildings and they're
setting the tone for all the fans who
are followers and and go to kind of
follow belong and they're the ones who
rejected Roman reigns and set things in
the wrong direction for Roman there are
the people who set things in the right
direction for Sami Zayn in Montreal the
people who are set things in the right
direction for Kevin Owens and will do
the same very likely for other Kollek
call ups from NXT or a Samoa Joe type
those fans are early indicators of
whether somebody has that it factor and
I think they've got a pretty good track
record and you know they're the ones who
pick CM punk you know any WN force Vince
McMahon and Triple H to pay attention to
the skinny guy who you know wore
basketball shorts most of his career as
a wrestler just you know he just didn't
fit their part and had that kind of you
know attitude behind the scenes the body
language that they didn't look for in
people they wanted to to quote work with
so
I think WWE is sort of submitting to the
idea that there are fans Abbey fans out
there who have who evaluate these guys
before we get our hands on them and we
just have to accept that and roll with
it and embrace it and not work against
it well